c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Tests.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Tests.pdb
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Business.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Model.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.RpcServer.exe
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Service.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Business.pdb
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Model.pdb
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.RpcServer.pdb
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.RpcServer.exe.config
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\MultiPoc.Service.pdb
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\bin\Release\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\obj\Release\MultiPoc.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\obj\Release\MultiPoc.Tests.dll
c:\users\apianor\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MultiPoc\MultiPoc.Tests\obj\Release\MultiPoc.Tests.pdb
